you don't have to be a rocket scientist
to make a sandwich use a stove or peel a
banana yet lots of people do everyday
things like these completely wrong keep
watching to check if you're one of them
just don't forget to hit that subscribe
button and ring the bell icon to stay up
to date here on the bright side
number one eating potato chips how
annoying is it when you have to shove
your whole arm into the bag just to get
the chips at the bottom the simplest
solution to keep your hands clean is to
roll up the bottom of the bag pushing
the chips up you'll also be able to
stand the bag up on the tabletop win-win
number two holding a wineglass if you
hold your glass by the bowl your hand
warms the wine up and makes it lose its
crispness that's why you're supposed to
hold a wine glass by the stem instead
[Music]
number three
putting Bologna on bread ah the age-old
question why is Bologna circular but
bread is square this design flaw leaves
the corners of the bread completely bare
which doesn't make for a very delicious
bite to please your inner perfectionist
cut two slices of Bologna in half and
put them with their cut sides outwards
problem solved number four drinking from
a juice box instead of trying ever so
carefully not to squeeze the sides of a
juice box to send the contents squirting
out unfold the corners of the carton and
hold the box with them great hack for
parents and juice box lovers alike
number 5 slicing bread if you like to
buy fresh uncut bread from the bakery
here's a simple trick to avoid crumbs
falling everywhere as you're slicing it
turn the loaf upside down on the cutting
board number 6 listening to music on
your phone if you love listening to
music but the speaker on your phone
isn't loud enough there's an easy way to
kick up the volume take a simple
drinking glass and put your phone inside
the walls of the glass will enhance the
volume Hey
that's much better number 7 hanging a
roll of toilet paper there are two types
of people in this world those who hang
the toilet paper roll with the loose end
out and those who hang it facing the
wall it's always your choice of course
but here's a little hint
the loose end faces you it's easier to
roll it off not to mention you won't
risk the paper touching the wall which
could be covered in all kinds of
bacteria you know number eight putting
on perfume were often told that perfumes
should be applied to the neck behind the
ears and rubbed on the wrists in fact
the first two steps are enough when you
rub your wrists the friction creates
heat which makes upper most delicate
notes of the fragrance disappeared too
quickly number nine peeling eggs peeling
boiled eggs can feel like a dreaded
guessing game that never goes right will
they peel easily this time or not skip
the drama and add a teaspoon of baking
soda to the boiling water the shower
will come right off number 10
keeping cooked dishes warm when you use
the oven the storage space beneath it
gets pretty hot too so if you want or
need to cook several dishes one after
another while keeping the earlier ones
nice and warm and ready to eat
just put them inside that bottom drawer
number eleven eating cupcakes instead of
sinking your teeth right into that
creamy delight and getting the icing all
over your face cut the lower half of a
cupcake and put it on the top kind of
like you're making a little cupcake
sandwich no more icing mustaches number
twelve squeezing a lemon if you have
trouble squeezing the juice out of a
lemon just put it in the microwave for a
couple of seconds the lemon will become
softer making it much easier to squeeze
with your bare hands if it's your hands
that you worry about when squeezing the
juice out you've got the perfect tool in
your kitchen pasta or grill tongs cut
the lemon in half and squeeze it between
the tongs you'll get a river of lemon
juice and nice clean
number thirteen wearing new shoes brand
new shoes might look nice but they can
be pretty uncomfortable to wear for the
first few days to break in your new
shoes faster put on thick socks step
right into those not so comfy shoes and
blow some hot air on them with a blow
dryer pay special attention to the
places that pinch the most then try the
shoes out without the socks repeat if
necessary number 14
making a PB&J sandwich ever thought
about how irritating it is when the
jelly squeezes out of your PB&J sandwich
as you bite into it if you have there's
a neat trick for you spread a thin layer
of peanut butter across one of the
slices of bread then add a second layer
around the edges and do the same for the
second slice put some jelly in the
center of the first slice put the slices
together and press them along the edges
now the peanut butter won't let the
jelly leak out and you can safely sink
your teeth then number 15 peeling a
banana
most people peel bananas from the top
often crushing them in the process
monkeys on the other hand do it the
right way so we'd better follow their
example turn the banana over and squeeze
its bottom gently until it splits open
now you can peel it without any trouble
there's another method too which is good
for bananas that aren't overripe take
the banana in both hands so that it
looks like a letter to you make sure you
hold it like this or you'll end up with
a mess in your hands and no banana to
munch on then just snap it with a
downwards movement you'll have two
delicious halves in your hands and all
you have to do is peel them and enjoy
your fruity snack number 16
cutting cherry tomatoes cherry tomatoes
are small so you need a lot of them to
make almost any meal
that's why cutting all of them in half
is a long and tedious task you can make
it much faster though just take two
plates put the tomatoes between them
slightly pressing on the top plate to
hold the tomatoes in place then cut them
all in half in one fluid knife motion
make sure the knife is sharp enough
where you'll end up with tomato mush
instead number 17 eating a pomegranate
does your kitchen look like a
battlefield after you're finally done
peeling a pomegranate to avoid the
fruity Gore all over the place cut the
pomegranate
half and put it in a bowl of water then
take out all the seeds right in the
water the juice won't spray and you'll
be able to enjoy your meal without
having to clean the walls first number
18 hanging dress shirts if you just hang
your shirts by the collar you can end up
with a stretched piece of clothing that
looks awkward and deeds ironing have you
ever noticed that a lot of dress shirts
have a little loop on the back yep it's
exactly for this purpose hang it up and
worry no more number 19 cracking
pistachios we all stubbornly use our
fingers to crack pistachios and it
becomes a real pain in the nails after a
while to save your fingertips just use a
pistachio shell for the rest of the nuts
it does the trick neatly and keeps your
nail safe so bright ciders do you have
any tricks up your sleeve that can make
everyone's life easier share them in the
comments below if you found this video
useful be sure to give it a like share
it with your friends and click subscribe
to stay on the bright side of life
[Music]